Update react version to rc in react-18 doc (#32473)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/react-18.md

[React 18](https://reactjs.org/blog/2021/06/08/the-plan-for-react-18.html) adds new features including, Suspense, automatic batching of updates, APIs like `startTransition`, and a new streaming API for server rendering with support for `React.lazy`.

> React 18 is in rc now. Read more about React 18's [release plan](https://github.com/reactwg/react-18/discussions) and discussions from the [working group](https://github.com/reactwg/react-18/discussions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React 18 is in RC now. Read more about React 18's [release plan](https://github.com/reactwg/react-18/discussions) and discussions from the [working group](https://github.com/reactwg/react-18/discussions).
```

### React 18 Usage in Next.js

> Ensure you have the `rc` version of React installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure you have the `rc` dist-tag of React installed:
```
